what is it guys Jackie and today for you
I have a video showing you white door
seven so if you are a very very long
member or long term subscriber of this
channel the new member I started off by
covering white door six and if you are a
longtime viewer definitely comment down
below but this is white door stevment I
shouldn't see this is an iphone 3g my
current phone at the moment and i'll
explain if you want to know why its my
current phone just tweet me and i tell
you but basically this is an iOS 7
mock-up kind of them it's a fake
operating system it runs on iOS free as
that's the easier to adapt it but it
runs on any unsupported device very much
part from its the iphone 2g iphone 3g
ipod touch one touch too there's no
support for the 3gs or anything like
that at the moment but i'm sure they
will in the future presence you've got a
fully functional control center we've
got a home screen which looks identical
to hire 7 but that I think the best
thing is the control center just how
much they've just pulled that off so
well you've got an adapted camera which
looks almost identical to the iOS 7
camera and also you don't get the
autofocus but you get a fake autofocus
you have got a very similar music app
widget this isn't the best polished way
but it definitely looks much like the
iowa 71 and it works it works very well
and to be honest it's a very very lag
free operating system and soon this is
an old device it runs it really
optimizes the hardware very well to talk
about the camera you do actually also
get a video capability so this is done
by a cydia tweak which comes
pre-installed and yes the whole of the
operating system runs jailbroken but you
don't have to use cydia if you don't
want and it just works very well so if
we just go into the settings you can see
a the settings look very similar we used
to get this white door configurator the
white door settings and this allows you
to just change your whole device on the
fly so as you've got the advanced
settings enabled so when you first load
this up if you do you only have two
options you have the features and one
other I think you have the actual
advanced tabs you can enable the
advanced you can see all these blue ones
sort of give you advanced options and
all it warns you really is you need to
sort of know what you're doing otherwise
adverse effects could happen to your
device and so things like that but it
just allows you to really maximize the
performances so say you find that your
folders are slowing down your device can
actually just disable the folders and it
just speeds up she also have the iOS 7
wallpapers do you have no live
wallpapers but you do have to
stills of what the live wallpapers look
like if that's something that you like
and it's just very very nice and very
in-depth but anyway this is a close-up
of those app icons as I said it's very
very well done there is no notification
center that's by the only downside of
this anyway for a full list of all the
features and everything within white or
7 i'll link you to white doors website
down below anyway thanks for watching
definitely subscribe if I new here
comment down below if it's going to
breathe some new device into an old
device of yours and thanks for watching
catch you next time